Add jwk examples (#15)
tplooker/draft-looker-bls-jose-cose: draft-ietf-cose-bls-key-representations.md

{backmatter}

# Appendix

The following example JWK is for the Bls12381 curve where the public key is in the G1 subgroup.

```
{
  "kty": "OKP",

>   "crv": "BLS12381G1",

Reviewer: The crv value is case sensitive

Author: Fixed.

>   "d": "Mt_OyD9IAsYvobHJ9NCipm6-G7zAu28FCc-saRnXhjQ",

Reviewer 2: It might be worth a comment saying that these - on purpose - represent private keys.  Otherwise people might question the inclusion of "d".

Author: Thanks! Added a note in the beginning of the Section.

{backmatter}

# Appendix

The following examples showcase JWKs for both the G1 and G2 subgroups of the Bls12381 curve. Note, the examples also include the corresponding private key, expressed through the inclusion of the “d” parameter.

An example JWK for the Bls12381 curve where the public key is in the G1 subgroup.

```
{
  "kty": "OKP",
  "crv": "Bls12381G1",
  "d": "Mt_OyD9IAsYvobHJ9NCipm6-G7zAu28FCc-saRnXhjQ",
  "x": "iXmOmxttBniHSpyoq-vBr82BexrqG7WDTsxCY4ngUOERVxwpwUT7yKqSKqJeIr7J"
}

> Another example of a different JWK for the Bls12381 curve where the public key is in the G1 subgroup.
> ```
> {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Another example of a different JWK for the Bls12381 curve where the public key is in the G1 subgroup.
```
{
```

{backmatter}

# Appendix

> The following examples showcase JWKs for both the G1 and G2 subgroups of the Bls12381 curve. Note, those examples also include the corresponding private key, expressed through the inclusion of the “d” parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples showcase JWKs for both the G1 and G2 subgroups of the Bls12381 curve. Note, the examples also include the corresponding private key, expressed through the inclusion of the “d” parameter.
```

> This first example JWK is for the Bls12381 curve where the public key is in the G1 subgroup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example JWK for the Bls12381 curve where the public key is in the G1 subgroup.
```

```
{
  "kty": "OKP",
  "crv": "Bls12381G1",
  "d": "Mt_OyD9IAsYvobHJ9NCipm6-G7zAu28FCc-saRnXhjQ",
  "x": "iXmOmxttBniHSpyoq-vBr82BexrqG7WDTsxCY4ngUOERVxwpwUT7yKqSKqJeIr7J"
}

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

> Another example of a different JWK for the G1 subgroup of the Bls12381 curve is the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another example of a different JWK for the Bls12381 curve where the public key is in the G1 subgroup.
```
